[DOCS] Upgrade Tempo doc (#2026)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/setup/upgrade.md

The upgrade process changes for each version, depending upon the changes made for the subsequent release.

This upgrade guide applies to on-premise installations and not for Grafana Cloud.

>**TIP**: You can check your configuration options using the [`status` API endpoint]({{< relref "../api_docs/#status" >}}) in your Tempo installation.

## Upgrade from Tempo 1.5 to 2.0

Tempo 2.0 marks a major milestone in Tempo’s development. When planning your upgrade, consider these factors:

- Breaking changes:
  - Renamed, removed, and moved configurations are described in section below.
  - The `TempoRequestErrors` alert was removed from mixin. Any Jsonnet users relying on this alert should copy this into their own environment.
- Advisory:
  - Changed defaults – Are these updates relevant for your installation?
  - TraceQL editor needs to be enabled in Grafana to use the query editor.
  - Resource requirements have changed for Tempo 2.0 with the default configuration.

> Once you upgrade to Tempo 2.0, there is no path to downgrade. Tempo 2.0 uses the new Parquet block format. 

Author: ```suggestion
Once you upgrade to Tempo 2.0, there is no path to downgrade.  
```

> Reverting from Tempo 2.0 to a previous version can be difficult. Tempo 2.0 uses the new Parquet block format. Tempo 1.5 may have difficulty reading the Tempo 2.0 data unless that data is converted to the previous schema format.

Author: ```suggestion
Once you upgrade to Tempo 2.0, there is no path to downgrade. Tempo 2.0 uses the new Parquet block format. 

```

You can revert to the previous `v2` block format using the instructions provided in the [Parquet configuration documentation]({{< relref "../configuration/parquet/" >}}).

### Enable TraceQL in Grafana

TraceQL is enabled by default in Tempo 2.0. The TraceQL query editor requires Grafana 9.3.2 and later.

The TraceQL query editor is in beta in Grafana 9.3.2 and needs to be enabled with the `traceqlEditor` feature flag.

### Check configuration options for removed and renamed options

The following tables describe the parameters that have been removed or renamed.

#### Removed and replaced

| Parameter | Comments |
| --- | --- |
| query_frontend:<br>  query_shards: | Replaced by `trace_by_id.query_shards`. |
| querier:<br>  query_timeout: | Replaced by two different settings: `search.query_timeout` and `trace_by_id.query_timeout`. |
| ingester:<br>  use_flatbuffer_search: | Removed and automatically determined based on block format. |
| `search_enabled` | Removed. Now defaults to true. |
| `metrics_generator_enabled` | Removed. Now defaults to true. |

#### Renamed

The following configuration parameters were renamed.

| Parameter | Comments |
| --- | --- |

> | `compactor` section |  |

Reviewer: This table renders strangely:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2272392/215491525-02f1ee2c-0912-4dfc-ac21-81ac4cbdcd74.png)

It might be simpler to just put all of this in a large ``` config block and add the comments to the side. Something like:

```
compaction:
  chunk_size_bytes:  //  comment about what happend 
  flush_size_bytes:    //
```

Author: I took a stab at fixing the tables. See what you think. The config block is easier to format, that's for sure. What do you think will be easier for a user to scan? I can certainly revert the tables to config files, if you think that's easier. 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104772500/215578508-f68a478a-c525-4fd8-bc5c-9e14ad77540f.png)

Reviewer: Ok, I swapped them up like the following:
```| `query_frontend:`<br/>  `query_shards:` | Replaced by `trace_by_id.query_shards`. |```
->
```| <pre>query_frontend:<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;query_shards:</pre> | Replaced by `trace_by_id.query_shards`. |```

it's a little weirdly positioned in the box, but it shows the nesting:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2272392/215589547-897c2696-2274-4646-8bd9-9a64e69b8603.png)

Author: That's definitely better. I wondered about using &nbsp; but ran out of time. Thank you for trying that. it looks good.
